[Music] Let's
see Okay family They sent this to me
yesterday they told me yesterday that this happened
okay And it's that Joaquín Campos has been
being interviewed at a party for
his book I have to tell you something
but I'm not going to tell you anything No matter how much you
try to pull my tongue okay
this week I'm going to prepare a couple of
specials on the channels well the
specials are going to be on the
main channel okay Javi Oliveira go
there subscribe okay
because a kiss Joe a kiss Joe
because because the
specials are going to be there Okay and I promise you that
this week I have some
content powerful content
powerful content okay I want to know the
guests and I want to know about Marina Well
look I promise you yes it's going to happen I promise you that
if we get to the challenge there we have an
objective up there Super chat I'll say it let's
go Anyway I'm already telling you that tomorrow
on the main channel there is a special
okay there is a live that we are going to put together
a special what I need is to confirm
a guest the truth I would love to
confirm it because it would be like perfect
okay it would be like perfect let's see
wh What happened to  Joaquín who had
a little rify rafe here on
Emma García's show. Well, it gives new
data and information that we
didn't know and above all it specifies
certain things in fact. In addition, these
weeks we have learned that
Daniel Sancho's defense has once again had to
postpone filing this appeal.
What they're telling me is that it's
merely a translation problem because
they're preparing an appeal again,
again, we haven't discussed this. Ah. It's true, we
haven't discussed this, man. We haven't discussed this.
It's true that they've
postponed it again, I mean, they've extended it again,
but I don't know to what extent, man, they're
letting these people continue to extend
the deadline for filing an appeal, man. I
mean, here in Spain they would have been
sent to hell. No, why?
Why are so many extensions allowed
and then it turns out that when it gets there,
the Thai authorities don't
fully understand what the defense is
trying to convey, but I would
like to ask the author of the book.
He talks about more than
1.3 but nevertheless, what has been
proven in court is that
Daniel has a bank account.  of just
over 60 MMM defenses to Daniel no
tomorrow Marina on the main channel Sister
Wait what are you talking to Marina
precisely we have a live broadcast tomorrow
on the main channel we have a
live broadcast tomorrow on the main channel okay
we have a live broadcast tomorrow on the
main channel and another one that he has with his grandmother
of barely 140 I would like Oh
really whitewashing Daniel Sancho I mean
here what the journalist is trying to defend
is that Joaquín
has stated that according to his accounts
what fits is that Edwin has in
Spain 1 million 1 million and something okay that
million can be proven no it cannot be
proven now that Daniel Sancho has
an account with 100 and another with 60 let's see he
had 10,000 in cash on the trip
okay he got it from somewhere uh outside
of that it is that uh it is
public domain that Edwin Arrieta was
looking to settle in Spain
evidently he would already have some account or
some place he had money in Spain for sure most
likely okay almost sure He
traveled to Spain constantly and
apart from that we also have many
recordings and  many conversations
in which they claim that I had
already invested money in business and had lent
money to these people so that they could
invest in the businesses, which is what they
are referring to, how heavy they are
laundering money, eh, the Lailo. Hey, but they
are arguing with Joaquín about
information that is like maybe
the amount is different, well, the amount.
Yes, but to say that Daniel Sancho did
n't have any money,
ask him, can you provide
documentary evidence of these
1,300,000? No. Of course it's not that
I have never said that that money is in any account,
said that that money.
Then Dino, sorry, but yes, but
then the money, that is, you, how
can you give this figure and not be able to
provide documentary evidence? Is it true, Pepi,
the 10,000 belonged to Ewin Arrieta? No, but
who, that is, carried it? Edwin carried the 10,000, is it true,
Ewin carried it, the
10,000, is it true? Yes, yes, it's true that
this, what this one chose, look, look,
Marina is there, I won't abandon you in the chat.  I
'm taking care of a relative,
nothing serious and managing things for
tomorrow, tomorrow if we see each other, well, tomorrow
Marina, but I'm not going to say, let's see the
main guest, it's that Marina wants me to
announce the main guest, let's see the main guest, I'll
announce it if we meet
the objective, when we are
finishing the live show, if we meet the
objective, I'll announce it, okay, because if not, if I
announce it, I'll announce it when
we are finishing the live show so that
the man is in bed, very easy because
I have spoken with people close to
Eduin Arrieta with whom I have, uh,
recorded messages, screenshots where
Eduin Arrieta certifies that he already has
the money in Europe, in Spain, it doesn't matter, I'm
not going to give details about setting up those
businesses, which are buying part of a
company's business to open a
restaurant and looking for a house in
the Sanasi district in Barcelona to
make an office, as I said before,
if you add up those amounts, or the question,
if I may, the answer would be, do you
know anyone who is going to invest in
that type of business and housing in
Spain and has 0 euros in their
pocket? I also have a little relation to
what my colleague is commenting on.
only these amounts
but in the book it is attributing a
crime a serious crime no how is it that they have
hired a person in some
way to manipulate that
sentence Hey, this woman Is the same one that is
here I do not recognize I do not know if they have
presented her Good evening thank you for the
accompaniment that you do And for a kiss
Josefina has already told me Lorena has
told me that I have told her yes okay Lorena has
already told me that I have already told her yes eh
Thank you very much Josefina you are a Charm A kiss a
kiss queen who will be tomorrow
Tell us something Javi Learn with Sara videos
El Bueno wait Learn with Sara that I
will tell you later Well what's going on
Joaquín or that one that Jury or
that one understand where I'm going I
mean that that is a crime that Ah that is what I
was telling you this lady is the one who was
talking about that Lady d had been
killed that it was absolutely confirmed c Well
This is the one who was talking about K midelton
no this was not the one who said that this
was not the one who said that Kate midelton had
had I don't know what intestinal I don't know
what a few things that in the end they
have confirmed or  so it's her you're
not chatting with in the chat no
but it's her right Hey but Javi
who's coming tomorrow I'm not missing it
but Tell us Who's coming I said that I'm
going to say it when we get to the objective she's the one who
talks about the European royalties Of
course it is Of course it's not that this
woman has said some outrageous things
too It's
not that this lady is correcting
Joaquín Campo you know it's like you have to
dance the J a little
to you doesn't it seem like a crime
that they paid 16000 to a certain
Nilson to declare what they
told him he had to declare But
this can be proven
you can prove it is that the Nilson thing is
proven no I mean Nilson is a witness who
was being paid
a good amount of money to
thank him for the favor let's see for God's sake we ca
n't see his face but Ah well
but now you do see it I've already removed I've
removed the text from above I mean it
's tremendous no This yes but of course the
nilson is already proven and what about
Alice I have already explained that Alice Alice
let's see The question would be the same
how is it possible that the lawyers in
Spain said they did not charge and that
also the lawyer in Thailand was from
but Marina this one who is a psychologist Ah
I wonder who was a journalist
specialized in royalty how she starts
talking how she starts talking about
royalty she also did not
charge and a lady about whom
nothing was known until recently is
demanding
200000 let's see if I understand how strong
the subject is Daniel Sancho how strong it has
been eh if the things he is saying
I understand the only thing is how What
documentation do you have for that
because I have documentation I
have the book ofos
total waste well I have to talk
to Joaquín because of course I gave him a
post office box Nora a kiss well no no I don't
know if I gave him a post office box I
gave him my address can you believe that
I don't have it in my house I don't have it in my
house Neither Joaquín's nor Trium's
because I haven't seen Trium yet since he
has the book  see you on Thursday on
Thursday I'll see Trium and I'll see many
of you who's going here who's
going here who's going here to the
presentation on Thursday we have the
presentation of Triu's book here in
Seville and I'm accompanying him very
proud to accompany him on Thursday on
Thursday in Seville then you think I haven't
looked where the bookstore is I
understand that it was a bookstore that I haven't
even looked at I put that
on my Instagram and no I'm going you go José
Luis on Thursday I'm going to see you José Luis don't
[ __ ] with me Hey but we have to see not to
kisi no Where is it well I've put it
here on my Instagram wait if you
want we can see it
and bookstore botica de lectors Avenida de
República Argentina damn well look
at República Argentina I was here yesterday
eating some churros with Enrique and I
couldn't have looked to see which
bookstore it was Yesterday I was here eating
some churros with Enrique in the afternoon
how cool Javier the
neighborhood bookstores have it man Jorge I already know I
can buy the book I also have it
on Amazon But  Well, I understand that
I'm going to have my own edition signed
by the author, my own edition, it
's not that I want this one and the other, both of them, how
heavy, no, Kevy, we're not going to see each other,
not on Thursday, some. No, yes, about the
request that that lady makes for 200,000
and it coincides with the fact that neither the father nor the
mother nor the lawyers have returned to
Thailand. I'm sorry to I'm sorry to
interrupt you, Joaquín. I'm sorry to interrupt you,
Joaquín. Obviously, we do that on
a Saturday or a Sunday, Javi. I don't think so,
Pilar. I think that can be done any
day. Anyway, it's not my book, I'm
there in the background, it's
Trium's book and he, obviously, eh.
How could it be otherwise? I ask that I
accompany him. Let's go, he has asked me to
accompany me. It's not that I'll kill him if he doesn't
choose me to accompany him like like. It's
logical I'll
kill him, but of course, that's his business.
I imagine that the date won't be
his business, nor will it be the date of the
publisher's.  from the bookstore I don't know we
have contacted the other
party with Carmen Malagón etcetera
etcetera and she Precisely what she
tells us is that she hopes that you can
prove many things And that famous That that
famous complaint that they always
ask you if it has reached you or not they say
that it will reach you, I mean, you can
prove everything that you tell in the
book, it can be proven, it can be
proven but my question is that
complaint is going to reach me how quickly
with the appeal that 5
months have passed since the reading of the sentence and it has
not yet been delivered well
wait for Joaquín to be notified of
this supposed complaint because until I
see it I don't believe it either
eh the procedural times the
procedural times are the procedural times and they
will have asked for an extension because
in fact at the end of the month they had to have
presented that appeal five five
anything is like that anything
the law allows it if the issue is that
the law allows it in this case he
has every right to that Concha
Calleja that was the name Concha Calleja
Yes any writing that  do in your
name
be it takes the time that has to be
taken precisely to ensure a
fair sentence a question you
exactly what is your profession
Joaquín my profession I work as a
reporter I work for newspapers I
write books write books it's that I
understood that you were dedicated to
something else and what is it and what is the the
reason What is uh the reason why you
decided uh to do this book because it was
asked of me by the Sphere of books a
prestigious publishing house that has verified
all the data that has been entered which is from
Unidad Editorial El Mundo Expansion Tel
You arrive with a series of
documentation that comes to you that if we are
experts
then they ask me they ask me they
ask me in February you sign a contract in
February to write the book in
February yes I fall but you offer to
do this book please do not speak at the
same time because he will not find out But
why are they like against Joaquín But
why are they attacking him or that they were
messing with someone in his
family the documentation arrives and you
uh Javi why do you want the books if you do
not have time even to  read them well well
because man because it is something
very important for my friend trium and I
feel very proud that trium
has
released that book Well I was already
proud that he had released the
first edition but now I am as
happy as if it were my own the fact that
the other publishing house that
has released the second version let's say
not of the book called him and that he is living what he
is living for me it is a joy
as if it were my own I mean you already know that
with trium I already brought it here to the Channel
eh before the boom let's say no This fat one
not from Well yes from the Daniel
Sancho case it is his it is his let's say it is his
case not with the one that has made him more
more popular
and so why am I going to create the
book Well a memory of life well it
is a memory of life if for my
friends it is something important for me
also do you know or what the Sphere of
books gets in touch with you
you with the publishing house how it
works please please No please
document yourself before asking in
February in February of last year the
Sphere of books asks me  with a
contract eh that avoids them a book I
delivered it before October 1st and that is
the book that I delivered before
October 1st the one that you have read I imagine of course and in September before going in September October I don't remember now October November before going to print the lawyer because there are lawyers and these companies request the information that could be a consequence of complaints of course Of course in the book you talk
describes the role of Ali who is in
some way a trusted person
of the defense of Rodolfo Sancho
a person who was basically in charge
of doing I think with the case of
Mario Biondo let's see We with Trium have
always made very good programs
before the virality of the Daniel
Sancho case well in fact the special
that we did on Marta al Castillo was
before not the virality of Daniel
Sancho no I mean I would say that
the special that we did on
Marta el Castillo was before the
Daniel Sancho case and it was a program that
has and had 5000 viewers what
the live show
had Well I think it has  150,000 views
on the main channel the special and
then I also uploaded it to telesalseo and I
think on telesalseo it has 80,000
views eh I mean we've already done great things It's
that people believe that of course now
suddenly now everyone everyone from all
media looking for
Trium no and it's like per se Trium has already
made very great programs and very good
programs and some great stories I mean
I got to know him through these documentaries
that he makes you know what happens that
fashions are fashions fashions are
fashions translator and you say in
the book that at the moment in which
the sentence is read this lady says to the
judge This is not what you had to
write but nevertheless eyewitnesses
tell us that
what this person really said was
this sentence You have not written it
so this difference of of
issues that I know that are pronounced
you again can prove that
this Ali said what you say that he
said in the book but Imagine that it is what
you say does it seem normal to you that
a  advisor stops a judge and tells him
that My question is does it seem normal that
someone who carries the papers and translates
and translates has to stop the sentence from being
read by a judge No,
obviously that's not what I say and I
have verifications from the
diplomatic corps of people who were in the
room but let's see what
Daniel's defense is going to say what interests
them most I'm not on anyone's side here
sir That's the good thing and that's why I think
the book is having success because
I'm not on anyone's side Juan
Gonzalo Pina doesn't speak to me either for
many months they have
also fought you because I know that there is money
involved that's what is missing truth
Why do you cut the interview with Joaquín
maric Cruz I haven't cut it in my her
for sure but if for example Well
this is what the person
who wrote the book tells us, which is Joaquín
Campos, writer Thank you Joaquín disfun
much cceres Thank you Hey but what a route you
're doing Joaquín eh this
week I'm going to try to call him so that he
comes here too eh Oh F
eh one little thing I'm going to say it here in
public I'm going to say it here in public
for tomorrow's program for the
special that we have tomorrow okay eh I'm
going to record it with Marina and with Trium
you guys are going to have it at night on
the main channel okay And we have two
guests for me two great people
in their profession okay two
apart from Marina and Trium who are also
two greats we have two great
guests okay And that's why we're
going to do the live show on the main channel
because we have two great guests who are
going to try to shed some light
on everything that's happening with the
Anabel Pantoja case
[Music]